Welcome to the Matrix Row Reducer!
To begin, you'll need to create a blank file, Input.txt, in the directory.
Next, you'll need to make sure that Input.txt has the correct formatting:
Each row should be on a new line (with no spaces between).
Each column should be separated by one space.
There should be NO OTHER entries in text file beyond the given matrix.
Also: After the final row, press enter to make sure there is a new line beneath.


Algorithm information:
Row Echelon Algorithm:
This creates a row echelon form of a matrix.
We iterate primarilly over columns, not rows. Our goal is to create a kind of diagonal series
of pivots - this will make things much easier when we create the RREF.

So we start at the diagonal entry for the relevant column. If that entry is not zero, then we
proceed to add multiples of the current row to each row beneath such that their entries in
the current column become zero. Then we move on to the diagonal entry of the next column.

Alternatively, if the diagonal entry is zero, then we check to see if all of the entries
beneath are also zero. If not, then we can add one of those rows to the current row, so as
to remove the zero, and continue with the process of making the entries beneath zero.

If all of the entries beneath are zero, then we cut our losses and move on to the next column
- importantly, in that case we do not go to the diagonal of the next column, but rather
stay in the same row, as we never found a pivot for it.

After doing this for each column, each pivot will be to the right of above pivots,
all values below each pivot will be 0, and any zero rows will be on the bottom of the matrix.
So we will have a row echelon form.


Reduced Row Echelon:
Now that we have a row echelon form, it is comparatively easier to get to RREF.
This time, we iterate over rows, not columns, and look for the pivot of each row. When we find it,
we then add a multiple of the current row to each row above it such that all of the values above in
the same column become 0.
Then, we simply divide each row by the value of its pivot, so as to make its pivot equal 1.
After doing this, we will have the RREF form of the matrix.